Add valuation for transition table (#1365)
natcap/invest: HISTORY.rst

      has been merged into ``utils.read_csv_to_dataframe``
      (`#1319 <https://github.com/natcap/invest/issues/1319>`_),
      (`#1327 <https://github.com/natcap/invest/issues/1327>`_)
* Coastal Blue Carbon

>     * Added valuation for the transition table, raising a validation error if
>       unexpected values are encoutnered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Added validation for the transition table, raising a validation error if
      unexpected values are encountered.
```
